Don't measure yourself by what you have accomplished, but by what you should have accomplished with your ability - John Wooden

Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises

It's always to soon to quit

Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust

Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere.

It's the help that I didn't get that helped me the most.

The power of a relationship lies with whoever cares less.

The strongest principle of growth lies in the human choice - George Eliot, Daniel Deronda

"We never forget what we endeavor to forget" - F.W. Nietzche, "The Dawn of Day"
"Man vergisst nicht, wenn man vergessen will" - F.W. Nietzche, "The Dawn of Day"

"To work you have the right, but not to the fruits thereof" - author Unknown, "Bhagavad Gita"

"Fortune favors the bold."  Virgil, "Aeneid"(Aeneis) 
"Fortes fortuna adjuvat". - Virgil, "Aeneid"(Aeneis)

"It is better to receive an injury than to inflict one". - Cicero, "Tusculan Disputations"
"Accipere quam facere injuriam praestat"

"People will do anything, no matter how absurd, in order to avoid facing their own souls" - C.G. Jung (Psychology and Alchemy)

"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." - George Santayana (The Life of Reason: Or, the Phases of Human Progress)

"Extreme justice is extreme injustice"
"Summum jus summa injuria."	- Cicero, "On Moral Duties"(De officiis)

"The first cause of Absurd conclusions I ascribe to the want of Method. - T.Hobbes, "Leviathan"

"There's only one rule in love: bring happiness to those you love."
"Il n'y qu'une loi en sentiment: C'est de faire le bonheur de ce qu'on aime" - Stendhal, "Journal, 19 June 1805".

"Change your desires rather than the order of the world."
"A changer mes desirs que l'ordre du monde." - Rene Descartes, "Discourse on the Method(Discours de la methode)

"Love is the best teacher"
Amor magister est optimus - Pliny the Younger, "Epistulae"

"What is evil? Whatever springs from weakness."
Was ist schlecht? - Alles, was aus der Schwache stammt. - Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche: The Antichrist

It takes a great talent and skill to conceal one's talent and skill.
C'est une grande habilete que de savoir cacher son habilete. - La Rochefoucauld, "Reflections; or Sentences and Moral Maxims

"Man is an animal that makes bargains: no other animal does this - no dog exchanges bones with another. - Adam Smith (An Inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations)

"We should not be upset that others hide the truth from us, when we hide it so often from ourselves."
Il ne faut pas s'offenser que les autres nous cachent la verite, puisque nous nous la cachons si souvent a nous-memes.  - La Rochefoucauld, "Reflections; or Sentences and Moral Maxims(Reflexions ou sentences et maximes morales).

"Nothing is as dangerous as an ignorant friend; a wise enemy is to be preferred." - Jean de La Fontaine, "Fables"

"Abandon all hope, ye who enter here."
Lasciate ogni speranza, voi ch'entrate. - La Divina Commedia(Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy, "Inferno," Canto III, Line 9

"Man is condemned to be free."
L'homme est condamne a etre libre. - Jean-Paul Sartre, "Existentialism and Humanism"

"Every man has in himself the most dangerous traitor of all."
"Den farligste Forraeder blandt alle er den, ethvert Menneske har i sig selv. - Kierkegaard, "Works of Love".

"What people commonly call fate is mostly their own stupidity". - Schopenhauer, "Philosophical Writings."

"Genius lives only one story above madness."
"Das Genie wohnt nur eine Etarge hoher als der Wahnsinn." - Schopenhauer, "Parega and Paralipomena"

"There are two kinds of lies; one concerns an accomplished fact, the other concerns a future duty." 
"Il y a deux soretes de mensonges: celui de fait qui regarde le passe, celui de droit qui regarde l'avenir." - Jean-Jacques Rousseau, "Emile, or on Education."

"Remember to keep a clear head in difficult times."
"Aequam memento rebus in arduis servare mentem." - Horace, "Odes(Carmina)".

"There are two main human sins from which all the others derive: impatience and indolence." - Franz Kafka, "The Zurau Aphorisms."

"The greatest souls are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues." - Rene Descartes, "Discourse on Method."

"Every failure is a step to success. - W.Whewell.

"Adversity is the first path to truth." - G.G. Byron Don Juan.

"To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection." - H.Poincare, "Science and Hypothesis"

"If you make a mistake and you do not correct it, this is called a mistake." - Anonymous, "Analects"

"People, often decieved by an illusive good, desire their own ruin." - N. Machiavelli, "Discourses on Livy"

"A man who cannot command himself will always be a slave." - JWV Goethe, "Zahme Xenien".

"Force without wisdom falls of its own weight." - Horace, "Odes(Carmina)"

"The worst enemy you can meet will always be yourself." - F.W. Nietzche, "Thus Spoke Zarathustra".





















































